Now that we have our search component we might actually want to be able to muse this component multiple
times because if we look at the code for our input all it is is just an input that doesn't need any
local state even though it seems like we're calling set state in our input.
It's really just a function that we're passing from the context of our app component into the on change
handler of our input.
But this means that we can probably move this into its own component because maybe we want to have a
reusable search component.
Well how would we do this.
Well let's just make a new component called search box and we'll create the usual file search box dot
component dodgy OSX.
Now some of you might have noticed.
Why is it that some of our files have digests X and some have Doc J.S. Well you remember how I mentioned
earlier that create react out hides away some of the configuration for web pack and babble.
Well what babble does is it helps transpired down any of the modern javascript including JSF style files
that we write into older versions of JavaScript in the public folder.
When we finally run our build script inside of our scripts file now in this transform if we look at
our DOT J.S. file for objects we actually says see that it says javascript babble down here.
So even though we're writing Java sex code here.
Right.
Because we're rendering HD him out in our javascript babble knows that it should probably run this regardless
through a J.S. sex transform even though it's not a dot.
Yes exe file type we'll explore this much later in the course when we actually write our own Web pack
and battle configurations.
But right now just know that whether or not you write dot jazz or dot ASX in the context of create react
out you can write jazz sex in both file types.
But we want to write dodgy assets in ours because we want to be explicit.
We want to know that if we're gonna write Jess X while this file type is Jess X we're also going to
create our search box.
Dot styles dot CSF and I've included the styles for you and you can find it in your resources so you
just want to copy that file and paste it in and then you want to import it into our search box component.
So let's first import react from react.
And then let's import in our style sheet.
Now we're going to use another functional component.
Now let's go a little deeper about functional components so functional components unlike class components
such as our app J S component they don't have access to state because they don't have access to constructor
which is a class method on our component that we import from react that we extend our classroom.
They also don't have access to lifecycle methods.
They don't have internal state and lifecycle methods because we don't always need to use lifecycle methods
or internal state.
Sometimes all we want to do is render some HMO and that's what a functional component really is.
Unlike a class component a functional component is just a component that gets some props and returns
some HMO and will figure out as we build our apps and see more challenges when to use each.
But for now the main thing to remember is that if you don't think you need internal state nor access
to lifecycle methods then just use a functional component because it's easier to read.
It's actually easier to test as we'll see later in the course.
And it's in some ways smaller and easier to reason about.
So we'll just copy over the input that we want inside of our search box component and we'll apply a
class name of search to it because that's where our search box styles are applying those styles to.
We'll keep this type because we know that it's going to be search.
And then as far as place holder goes we might want this to be dynamic because maybe another place that
wants to use search box doesn't want the place holder to say search monsters let's say they want to
search people or anything else we want places to be a prop that gets passed in and as we learn with
our door structure we can d structure that prop off of the props object because all the props come in
as one big objects.
So let's D structure it off and then pass it into our place holder and then on change can be another
prop that gets passed in which is a function under the name of handle change and we'll do structure
that went off as well.
And then we will replace the value inside of our change right here now let's export our search box out
and then inside of our objects we can import it in and start using it.
So let's import in our search box from components search box search box component now in order to replace
our input we are just going to copy over some of those properties.
Now we know that type is already on our search box component so we don't need this we do need the place
holder because we want to be a prop that we pass in and then instead of handle it on change we're gonna
say handle change and then we'll pass in this function
and now let's get rid of our input and if we go back to our application we'll see there's our search
box and we've still got our functionality but now we've got a reusable component that we can use in
multiple places and this is what's great about react is this component driven style of writing code
our search box is just a presentational component that pretty much styles an input and then it takes
any functionality that it might need in its handle change property.
But now we have this reusable search box component and this is great because we can minimize the amount
of repeat code that we have.
We don't have to write an input and then style it inside of a local file because we can separate it
into its own component.
This will become much more apparent as we start building larger and larger applications where more of
the code gets reused.
Right now the benefits might not be so obvious but it's definitely the style that we want to code in
and this is one of the huge advantages of React is writing these smaller and smaller reusable components
OK.
Now let's continue.